A couple of months ago my husband and I were out running errands and decide to meet up with some friends at a local “Mom & Pop” restaurant. These friends of ours had just ordered their lunches with their 9 month old daughter when we arrived. My husband and I decided to just order a couple of sodas and desserts as we had a big breakfast earlier in the day and we explained to the waitress that our two orders would be on a separate ticket which seemed to confuse her.
After we ordered the waitress came back and apologized saying they were out of the pecan pie I had ordered. I changed my order to some specialty chocolate cake they had without much ado. A couple moments later our waitress arrives with the Taco Salad and melon plate my friend had ordered for herself and her daughter and just placed it in front of me without a word and breezes away. Then she circles back with drink refills and the remaining orders and notices a melon rind on the floor that had been accidentally dropped by the 9 month old. She glares at the back of our friends’ heads, scoops up the rind and storms off.
When it came time to pay she brings our ticket and explains that she rang us up for the pecan pie I had ordered as it was less expensive and what I wanted in the first place, but we noticed that she charged us for our friend’s Taco Salad. We point out the mix up and she snatches the bill up and flounces off. She comes back with the new bill and my husband notices that she rang up his dessert as “a la mode” which was about a dollar more expensive, and not what he ordered. He calls her back over and explains the mistake and she proceeds to try and justify it by saying that if she would have rang up the bill with my chocolate cake and his correct dessert it would have been the same total as the bill we were currently have. My husband looks at her and says he thought she was cutting us a break on the bill because they didn’t have what I wanted. The waitress just stares back at him, snatches the bill from his hand and storms off and starts shouting across the entire restaurant “THEN I’M CHARGING YOU FULL PRICE FOR HER DESSERT!!!”
Everyone in the restaurant stares at her then at us. I was so embarrassed by the spectacle she made us into that I just wanted to leave. We promptly got up from the table and found the manager and explained what just happened. He still made us pay full price for the two sodas and the two CORRECT desserts and just said she talked to him about it so he knows what happened. I can only imagine what she actually told him. That was the first time I did not leave a tip.
