My wife is talking to me about retiring from work.
My friend came over.
We were the first ones to show up.
Mother go to bed.
They go to a restaurant.
It would be a dream come true despite the details to work out.
We spotted a couple of friends there.
Sister orders.
All I can see is blurred words and 'server start' written over them?
My wife complained that her steak was overdone.
Despite that we went ahead with our order.
Server start soon.
The web server was turned on.
Food come.
We stop talking at the waiter approaches the table.
We sat down.
Walk up to server.
I sit.
My wife told the server that her steak was overcooked.
How often do people find bugs in their food?
We didn't know what some of the dishes were.
Someone made a special request at a restaurant that the waitress had to check up on.
Waitress looked at him.
I am deciding on what to eat.
The waitress asked for my order.
We waited forever to be seated.
We sit down.
It took a long time for us to be seated.
They placed an order and had to wait for what they felt was an unreasonable amount of time.
I order a pizza.
I was waving to the waitress that we needed our bill.
I sat down at the table in the restaurant.
We made a reservation and got a table quickly.
What soup should I order.
We all arrive on time for our meal.
We did not know what the bill would look like, since the rest of the experience was so bad.
I called the restaurant.
The waitress made several mistakes on our order.
Group sit.
I'm never going to this restaurant again.
The food at this place is delicious.
You think you was correct, but really you had it all wrong.
I think the meal was good.
The waiter suggested an option.
We stood around.
I needed a refill.
Waiter come quick.
They ate their meal.
We both ordered the same thing.
when will the waiter come.
He ask.
He took our order.
The salad bar was completely empty.
I needed to sneeze.
Something didn't look right on the plate.
I ordered a salad, and noticed there was something wrong.
I looked on the table and I noticed a tissue.
What happened next was really funny.
I looked down at my salad and noticed something.
We left at the same time.
I grab.
I found a snot rag in my salad.
I pushed.
The dishes crashed to the floor.
Loose tea leaves poured out everywhere.
We were interested in hearing about the specials.
I break.
what bone did she break.
She buy.
Now my tea is so strong I can't drink it.
We apologized many times.
The couple refused to pay for their meals, and made quite the scene.
When the man didn't believe him, the manager stormed into the kitchen and produced a book from the fridge.
Someone threw something, which made the manager yell, and then the manager to explain what happened and assure a couple to stay.
The man asked the manager, how do they know for sure they were 10 oz.
The man asks for the time.
The man got up, scoffed at the manager and walked towards the door.
I did not give in.
The people left without paying.
The point was that we wanted it made our way.
He put the headphones on.
We asked for our meal to be comped.
WHo could this couple be.
They decided to leave the restaurant.
The couple ate some and decided to run out on the bill.
There was an argument between a couple.
However the customers were still upset.
He comes back to the table.
I lie.
Then he looks at what he took out of my hands.
I asked for the specials.
He asked a question about the restaurant.
The desert at the other table looked appetizing.
The customer asked why I couldn't take more money off the bill.
I go to the room.
I thought about it for some time.
He ask.
I begin to get upset.
I made it clear that I wouldn't tolerate that type of behavior either.
The couple were so disrespectful to me.
A child went with their parent to an auction, talked to his mother about what she wanted and then he placed a bid for her.
The mum conversed with her friend.
That was the make or break moment.
The waiter asks me what I would like to order.
She said not to worry about it.
She looked over the menu.
which one should we keep.
Waiter leaves.
It seemed as though he was going to kiss my mum.
I found a bug in my food, and wanted a free meal.
We decided to order the special.
I thought she was very rude.
The waitress offered them something while they were seated.
We decided not to have a dessert.
what soup did the waitress offer.
I decided to order another.
The waitress was helpful but seemed to dislike me.
I accepted her offer.
when they were half full.
I accept.
We accept the offer.
I decide what to do.
He explained it to me, though.
The group decided to meet around 8pm.
He explains.
where should i go.
I told the guest that their coupons were not any good here.
They had brought coupons in that we didn't normally accept.
I apologize.
I apologized.
Our meal was great.
We all look forward to getting together.
The price of the menu was absolutely ridiculous.
It was a mystery.
I ordered a meal.
I see.
It worked.
My wife finally retired now she washes lots of dishes.
It seemed like the food had been reheated.
She usually doesn't like a sink of dirty dishes being left.
Why would my wife retire.
I ask.
I get home from work late.
The food was overcooked and not good.
The staff were very rude.
He wanted us to leave but we weren't going anywhere.
They were going to leave, but the waiter offered them an incentive to stay, so they did.
We made a good choice.
We leave.
She accused us of being cheap so loudly everyone in the restaurant stared at her, and then us.
It may be strange to most people, but we like to keep track of our own food bills.
She mad.
As for what women order, a lot of them let their husband decide.
The husband did not mind.
Everyone laughs at him.
It's like they thought we were divorced.
My wife refused to cook me anymore meals, stating that she was too busy.
He wasn't getting a penny more from me.
We just wanted a nice meal, but instead we have a terrible service.
I refused to pay the bill!
She mad.
The waiter brought us free dessert anyway.
We will not be back.
He offered to take it back to the kitchen to heat it up.
I complained to the manager.
I ask.
It was very frustrating.
we order appetizers.
Someone was explaining what human beings, in general, allow others to do to them.
We ended up with a goodnight.
We allow our server to give us more details about the special of the day.
We had to leave our dog outside in the car.
They asked if we would switch tables.
What rules do we not allow?
We enjoyed the night just fine.
We made up for the evening later on.
We leave.
I am now the manager at work.
I strongly suspected the customer was a drunk.
I am the manager.
I run this place.
I work.
They are employees.
The patron was unruly, but looked too drunk to do anything about it.
The man loudly complained and then proceeded to knock a glass off the bar.
It was a Friday, so the restaurant was full.
The waitress brough a pitcher out from the bar.
It poured rain.
I was walking outside and noticed a restaurant.
As I walked out side the rain began to pour like mad.
The next location was extremely small.
We arrive.
I couldn't enjoy my meal, because of two screaming babies in the restaurant.
The waiter came to the table at last.
I eat and it is good.
I was so embarrassed.
Someone was placing an order at a restaurant.
I order a sandwich.
I could not wait to taste that delicious burrito.
I eat.
I was in the drive-thru at Mcdonalds, I placed my order.
We relaxed and took our time when the meal arrived.
I looked over the menu.
Why do you care about what I order.
I eat.
I am ready to order.
I have never been so embarrassed.
I had no money to pay.
I had no idea how I was going to pay for the food.
The waitress told me there was an ATM next door if I needed to get cash.
It happened on a weekend.
We still had a good time, though.
Something they were anticipating, but weren't positive would happen, did.
It happened that that particular Mondays that Chinese restaurant was c losed.
You never know what to expect this time of year.
When did it happen on holiday.
Holiday end.
We were surprised.
The air conditioning was too strong.
Putting our best judgement aside we decided to stay.
The person had to commute outdoors in very cold weather.
It cold.
The restaurant had the AC turned up high.
The weather in Michigan winters sucks, especially in this old house.
The dessert was served.
It's so cold out now and the door is drafty.
When the waiter brought our food he pointed something out to me.
So it will be.
The restaurant was busy and we had to wait to be seated.
I can tell by the emptiness of the restaurant that it wouldn't be good.
I went to a restaurant.
And indeed it was so.
I come.
It was a great experience.
We quickly got a table.
It end.
I find a table to enjoy my meal.
I decide to order it as well.
I went to a restaurant and they told me to wait for an open table.
My day was horrible.
I arrived at the restaurant.
They told me that the booth was reserved and so I couldn't have it.
I noticed a server on staff that day was the same one who'd been rude to me before.
This was the worse experience I ever had a restaurant.
I pay.
The entire experience was lovely.
I sign.
We thank him.
I forgot my wallet at home, and could not pay for my food.
The waiter spilled my drink on me.
Someone did something embarrassing in public.
My pants somehow dropped.
When I walked into the cafeteria I dropped my plate.
I dropped the plate.
I trip.
My wife came completely unglued and threatened to sue the restaurant.
I drop.
My friend knocked over a dessert cart at a restaurant.
I asked what she wanted.
There were a lot of options to choose from.
She decided to break up with someone.
She decide who wins.
She has been talking on the phone all night.
She doesn't know what to do.
Where to go for dinner?As usual.
She had just to make her decision on the menu but was getting close.
We discussed it at length.
The waiter read us the specials.
She was finally able to decide.
Martha has been being a complete pain all night.
We argued about what we would get.
I looked at the rude woman on her cellphone as she held up the rest of the line.
He asks.
The woman kept changing her order, and had been talking on her phone for five minutes.
It wasn't the restaurant's fault, though.
Please get the manager.
We blame the criminals.
what would we be.
The son accidentally makes a mess.
He eventually wore out and crashed.
He make mistake.
We apologized for the problem.
My kid started to scream loudly, because he was tired.
She decided to think it over before signing.
The person's wife retired, but he refused to and wondered why his wife chose to.
I wonder who will win.
She wants us to buy an RV.
We are on a fixed income.
I still need to work.
Our server was extremely rude to us at the restaurant.
We arrived early.
We went to our regular restaurant on Friday night.
The waiter came and seated us.
My family has gotten me to go to a restaurant.
We decided which restaurant to go to.
We picked a restaurant.
We hungry.
what did she ask.
We enter.
We ended up carrying on quite a conversation with the waitress.
I was happy to be out at lunch.
We arrived at the restaurant.
We were greeted by the hostess.
We're friendly, but I'm shy.
We decided to try the new restaurant with good reviews.
We decide.
We made reservations.
He leaves without paying.
He was not at all satisfied.
He leave.
After he threw the ticket he stormed out of the place.
I thought to myself that it was a waste of food.
He leave.
After the third steak, the man was getting visibly agitated, and appeared to become violent.
The man next to us thought they weren't giving him the full size of steak he ordered.
Man leave.
The couple walked out of the restaurant.
He asked if we would like to order anything else.
They had a negative experience at a restaurant, which they informed the manager of.
We order two Cokes.
Our waited asked how our food tasted.
The waiter asks if we need anything else.
Waiter ask.
The waiter came to the table.
The service was very fast.
Someone was impatient and wanted to the time to pass quickly.
I have been sitting there eating my food silently.
the moment we had been waiting for finally arrived.
I stopped the watch just in time.
You'll be able to see in seconds come.
I can definitely still eat more.
We told him it was great.
A server had just brought out food.
The food was great.
She came back and asked us about the meal.
We then worked on eating the food.
We went to the restaurant.
A few of our guests had to leave early.
We remained in the restaurant to leave a tip.
We went to a restaurant with free WiFi.
We started another conversation while we ate.
We finished our meal and waited for the bill.
How much should i tip.
We had rude service.
The annoying waiter was a real douche.
Our waiter was totally awful.
The service was horrible.
We stayed at the table longer than normal and I tipped more than I should have.
Our waiter kept trying to rush us to finish our meals.
I wanted to get ice cream.
None of us are happy with the service we have received.
I have money.
I kept waiting but it took awhile to get the waiter's attention.
Did you get an acceptance letter yet?
I like.
I have never felt so lively, today was a wonderful day.
Do have any batteries left?
Our waiter asked if we'd been here before.
He gives.
The waitress either can't hear or doesn't pay attention.
My waitress wasn't very attentive.
I asked to speak to a manager.
Salad back.
How should i reply.
We got up and began to walk out of the restaurant.
We began leaving the restaurant.
I asked for the manager.
We got up and headed for the door.
We were all sitting there impatiently and upset that our food has not arrived.
We wanted to win.
Things did not seem clear.
We'd been waiting for food for nearly forty minutes.
It was hard to believe that they already had their food.
The boy threw his fork across the dining room.
We gave our son a gift for behaving.
We didn't want him to disturb other diners.
He asked his son a question, his son answered with a joke and then the parent told the son to behave, and realized that they blamed the son, even though he was kidding.
Son bad.
I told my son not to do that again.
I told my son to sit down or else we'd leave.
Son misbehave.
My son began to throw a tantrum.
My steak was slightly undercooked, which I told her when she came back to check in on us.
We finish eating.
We don't like to cause a fuss.
A few of has that had been there before made suggestions.
I need to ask for another item.
We sat down.
We ask for a table.
We were escorted back to the booth we requested.
We were very hungry.
We eat.
We talk while we walk towards the table.
The atmosphere was warm and welcoming.
We asked for a table for two.
We love this restaurant.
We enter.
The restaurant seemed loud with all the people talking.
She offered us apple pie instead.
We all felt that we had ordered enough food for the whole group.
The restaurant is very busy.
Something went terribly wrong.
They order.
We were in a hurry.
I wait.
They offered to make me a fresh new pie.
Other people order their food.